Hello wonderful God people and here I am in this video we're going to start working on our next game.
So what we need to do is plan Hoppy those.
So what's holliday's Hobby days is going to be a cute 2D platformer involving a cute little rabbit.
I have a little brevet finger puppet here to help me along.
It was inspired by a song called I think I'm a bunny which I invite you to look up on YouTube and what's
going to happen is we're going to guide this cute little pink rabbit across the land to safety.
So before we start any coding Let's design the concept of the going what do we want to happen in hollidays.
I'd like to start with the essential experience.
For me this is the most important part of the game.
Basically it's how what do I want the player to feel.
Every other game a decision has to come back down to that for me.
So my gameplay experience is this where a cute bunny who uses speed and agility to get through a dangerous
world to the carrot at the end of the game whatever it might be.
Right.
OK.
Key words.
Cute.
Speed agility and dangerous world.
So if I want to isolate my social experience that's what it is.
So how is that going to translate to gameplay.
Well if we're cute I don't want to be able to attack enemies.
To me that's the antithesis of cute realize you can have cute and violent but that's not what I'm doing
here right.
I don't want the bunny to be able to jump Mario style on top of an NPC and defeat it.
I want you to have to avoid it.
Let's use your amazing bunny powers of speed and agility.
I want unlimited lives so you can touch something hazardous whether it's something in the train or an
NPC and lose a life but you don't necessarily lose the game for that to work.
I want fast movement and high jumps from the agility and the speed has to be key.
Right.
So this is all about being a bunny moving at high speed through this amazingly dangerous world that's
trying to kill you but just being too fast and jumpy and cute.
For that to be a problem I also like the idea of these coins.
This is you know the old staple which I believe harkens back to sonic maybe not the game to it before
but for me to always be sonic.
If you get enough coins you can earn another life right so there's reason to tempt the players to make
more dangerous choices than just going through the level at the most optimal path.
As you can see with this very stylized look all of these assets once again from Kenny and I'll link
you to the repository that we get it from a we will be refining it cut down version of this and Kenny
as it always does does fantastic work with Creative Commons 0 licences which means you can use it without
attribution.
You can use it commercially and use it for education you can do whatever you want with it right.
They're yours to use.
So thank you Kenny fantastic work.
So with all that said let's get to it.
I'll see you in the next video.
Start building this game together.